[Music]
which later this week we
were also talking about I don't know if you saw the
José Bretón issue that has come up
again for a book I
was seeing you at Trium the other day
when we did the live show with
Trium the other day well it turns out to be family that
the book has been paralyzed for the moment
because Rut has filed a
complaint I don't know Fran what do you think
about writing a book like that
or because I On the one hand
understanding of course the pain
obviously of the mother and and that the
guy is a scoundrel or rather because the
way he expresses himself and and and what he says
in that interview he is a real son
of a [ __ ] and he is a real scoundrel
Look do you want my opinion on
publishing the book ehes Of course of course not
only that the book be published a
person who murders one person and
another person and in this case it was two
in this case it was his children and on top of that he
burned them I don't think he burned them too
no Yes that person should not be
able to speak to anyone again he
should be locked up  [ __ ]
dungeon until he died of disgust
just like an ETA member who has killed 15
people or 10 or has been or in other words people
who have killed eh in a cowardly manner
innocent people one thing is a fight one
thing is one thing but these people who have
killed murdered to do harm not
only to the victims and to other people
eh I am I am very sorry but not the
death penalty but that there
were prisons in which these
people stayed
eh were left without the possibility of even
speaking to anyone I'm not even telling you not to write
a book or an interview or anything I
mean they don't deserve anything nothing and that
the family visits them if they want them to
talk to them but they don't deserve anything in
public those people are eh are I
mean you wouldn't want to have that
person near your house with your children you would
n't want Of course it's true I mean
then rehabilitation doesn't exist and to
me that a person starts writing
books about that well what do you want me to say I mean no it's not I mean not the
same as
the jerks who are saying that they say
no has already served their time  sentence Hey you've
killed 10 people and C the sentence or
10 lives which is 20
years 20 years two two years for each one you
kill I mean don't [ __ ] with me I see this
case of José Breton Fran I see it as a
clear example that
the death penalty should exist for some
cases This is the clear no no no
death penalty yes the death penalty you take his
life you put him in a dungeon and make him
suffer until the last day that he
lives Yeah well or that but come on a
death penalty I see it here because he's
a person who has no cure that doesn't
have the death penalty I wouldn't do it I wouldn't do the death
penalty I would do it Well
look what they're doing it's the
Savior there you are There you're going to go in and you're not
going to come out and you're not going to get out in your [ __ ]
life and that's it is like that I mean it's
like the issue of immigration that we
will talk about today with
Roberto what they did in Australia with
immigration in Australia a
lot of boats and cayucos and [ __ ] arrived
when the Australians got tired they
said  No no problem everyone who
enters illegally goes to these two islands
that we have here next to Australia they
left them there with tents
and blankets and they said if you don't have
papers well don't worry there you live they
had nothing they were dying of hunger and
of course after 10 days they said Hey I
'm from Indonesia Hey I'm from Tunisia Hey I
'm from I don't know what Hey I
'm from the Philippines and so they put an end to this
illegal immigration but of course it's like
everything we have rulers that depend on
economic forums
etcetera etcetera etcetera I mean
illegal immigration is a [ __ ] business and
whoever doesn't want to see it well don't
see it but illegal immigration is a
[ __ ] business
that's already there for those of us who are parents
Fran who understand it more than anyone I mean
this guy is not just
a murderer he's a murderer of his
children I mean I don't understand anything that you
can love more in life than your
children and of your children also when they are
little yes and then burning it I mean no no
that  these are the people who should be
put in a dungeon and left there for
life and left to suffer or to
die of hunger or to die of
disgust but like that I mean let them suffer until the
last
day, there is nothing clearer it sounds like
look and human rights and
rights damn Of course right but it is it is
already a level because you say No,
well there are people who kill others There are
fights there are circumstances there are eh I don't
know 1000 reasons in life 1000 things
1000 situations not criminals but
killing your children is like hurting
yourself I mean I
sincerely believe that it has to be a person
eh Who has to be exterminated removed
from society and who evidently
is not well I mean he is a person who is not not
put into society I mean he has to be
put in jail for
life a murderer and a murderer deem
more than one person who has not been a
mistake who has not been an
alienation no no it's that you have
killed your two children  and on top of that you write a
book but a book about what the
[ __ ], I mean that's not a mistake that's not
an error that's not something that you
did at a time that no no it's not that that
's killing your own children I mean it's that you can't it's that you can't do
more
harm in the world I mean you can't do
more harm to the world the children who trust
you you're their father you throw
a child off a table and your father catches him I mean it's
trust it's the
purest values ​​of [ __ ] nature I mean
the purest values ​​you see a lion and
when the lion cubs come
to bother him and he puts up with it and
puts up with it because he's their father and the
little lions aren't afraid why because he
's their father but this is me
when I said he's written a book and
what the [ __ ] does this
son of a [ __ ] have to tell he's killed two
little children he burned them I mean don't [ __ ] with me no no no
no I mean it's that
no he can't enter society but
at any level I mean no longer the thing
book you're already flipping out but the writer I
believe the writer I believe that he is
like not at a journalistic level [ __ ] the
testimony that you got maybe the same but he has
repented he has repented it's
great and you take the Cherokee or the
other one from the ETA and they tell you how he shot him in the back of the head to I don't know who it is that you say very well at a journalistic level But you are thinking that you are talking to a person eh that they put him tomorrow in front of your house in
front of the door and then you do the
interview because he is going to live in front of
you and when he gets angry eh that's it You I don't know I
saw that as well as I was
listening and I say I have it very clear
or rather those people have to be in an
unlocked dungeon that comes in and out the
food that comes in and such and that he has a bathroom
and that he lives there until he dies
Velasco I don't know let's go it's unheard of unheard of
totally unheard of
[Music]